What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
I think that you initialize a repository you give some permissions or enable
Git propierties to track your repository, and that's neccesary because Git needs
to know where your repository is and what is its content.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
I think there working spaces with different functions, staging area its a transitory
area where you keep the files you are working right now, the repository it's the
final place of your files after commit and working directory its the point where
your files are in your local view.
These value to keep some logical division of your files and your work on them while
you decide if they are your final versions or deserve to be saved.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
I think that you have to add every file or group of files to the stagging area
before commit something, that way to do thinks force you to be aware the files
you had changed and create commits with information of every change you really
commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Branch are a great helper for some activities on programming as testing,
experimenting new ways of code, recode your work or fixing bugs, without let
the software goes out of service.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

They help us to understand if something is out of our branch structures and maybe
we can lose the changes and programming we are doing.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging is a fusion of the two branches according to the original
commit which both of them have in common, and allow to combine changes done out
the master on it or the principal branch. It's representing like a new point of
encounter (commit) because we keep the history of the two branches and they find
a mutual point of meet.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
I think every function works according the situation you have. Automatic merging
is a pro if you need to merge many changes and they are complete different so
you don't want to say yes or check something innecesary. But manually possibility
is good too, because you can compare and take decisions about similar codes, feel
confident you select the best resolution for your program.
 
